WHOAMI
https://imbrankm.com

Hi, I'm Brandon K. Marcelle. I am an IT professional located in Southeastern Pennsylvania. You can find information on me and my projects here and various spots around the web. Currently I am in the beginning stages of application and Safari Extension development, writing a small blog and always hacking away, learning something new in this vast and ever-changing field of work. Professionally my skills include Windows Server Management, cabling, networking, help-desk and light web development. I am also proficient in Windows as well as Mac Desktop environments and iOS. I have been dedicated to a small delicatessen and catering company for over 15 years with some of my closest friends.

Personally, I am a husband and father to a beautiful family. When I'm not spending time with my family or working, I write music with my lifelong best friend. I enjoy drinking coffee and exploring the complexities of the machines that we rely on everyday.
__

BLOG
https://imbran.github.io/blog.html

This blog is technology focused, relating to my experiences professionally and personally. It explores topics ranging from Safari Extension Programming to setting up new computers.
__

PROJECTS

PassMaker Secure Password Generator
  PassMaker comes in two flavors. PassMaker and PassMaker-DW.
  PassMaker-DW is a Diceware passphrase generator built on The EFFs large list of passphrases. According to the most recent password security research, 6 consecutive random words are the most secure way to create a password, because it turns out humans aren't that good at making unpredicable decisions. PassMaker-DW uses Diceware Theory. It uses randomly generated numbers, similar to a dice roll to generate a key (11111-66666) and value (associated phrase) to create a unique secure passphrase.
  PassMaker is a generator for basic common passwords including basic requirements (capital letters, special characters and numbers).

OpenSpotify, Safari Extension
  Enables users to click on links systemwide that open in Spotify Desktop Client.

Window 10 Service Stripper
  Windows Service Stripper is a BAT I use after new installations of Windows 10. This BAT disables unwanted services, telemetry (Enterprise V. Only), removes app packages (xbox, windows store etc.) and enables GODMODE. Full list in README.
  WSS opens in a CMD window and allows users to choose from a variety of options. Each option will be logged with date and time stamp to log file created by the BAT so a user can see the applications last run. Each option is entered by the user step-by-step and can be quit out of at each pause.

TMUX Conf file
  My personal TMUX, terminal multiplexer, configuration file. Simple, flat and minimalistic with soft white and blue/green/orange highlights.
__

CONTACTS

EMAIL bran at imbrankm dot com
LOBSTE.RS https://lobste.rs/u/Bran
GITHUB https://github.com/ImBran
VSCO https://vsco.co/brankm/images/1
